# # BankInterface

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**banking_interface** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\BankingInterface**](BankingInterface.md) |  |
**tpp_authentication_group** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\BankInterfaceTppAuthenticationGroup**](BankInterfaceTppAuthenticationGroup.md) |  | [optional]
**login_credentials** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\BankInterfaceLoginField[]**](BankInterfaceLoginField.md) | Login fields for this interface (in the order that we suggest to show them to the user)&lt;br/&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Type:&lt;/strong&gt; BankInterfaceLoginField |
**properties** | [**BankInterfaceProperty[]**](BankInterfaceProperty.md) | Set of interface properties/specifics. Possible values:&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&amp;bull; &lt;code&gt;REDIRECT_APPROACH&lt;/code&gt; - means that the interface uses a redirect approach when authorizing the user. It requires you to pass the &#39;redirectUrl&#39; field in all services which define the field. If the user already has imported a bank connection of the same bank that he is about to import, we recommend to confront the user with the question: &lt;blockquote&gt;For the selected bank you have already imported successfully the following accounts: &amp;lt;account list&amp;gt;. Are you sure that you want to import another bank connection from &amp;lt;bank name&amp;gt;? &lt;/blockquote&gt;&amp;bull; &lt;code&gt;DECOUPLED_APPROACH&lt;/code&gt; - means that the interface can trigger a decoupled approval during user authorization.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; &lt;code&gt;DETAILED_CONSENT&lt;/code&gt; - means that the interface requires a list of account references when authorizing the user. It requires you to pass the &#39;accountReferences&#39; field in all services which define the field.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Note that this set will be empty if the interface does not have any specific properties.&lt;br/&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Type:&lt;/strong&gt; BankInterfaceProperty |
**login_hint** | **string** | Login hint. Contains a German message for the user that explains what kind of credentials are expected.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Please note that it is essential to always show the login hint to the user if there is one, as the credentials that finAPI requires for the bank might be different to the credentials that the user knows from his online banking.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Also note that the contents of this field should always be interpreted as HTML, as the text might contain HTML tags for highlighted words, paragraphs, etc. | [optional]
**health** | **int** | The health status of this interface. This is a value between 0 and 100, depicting the percentage of successful communication attempts with the bank via this interface during the last couple of bank connection imports or updates (across the entire finAPI system). &lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Note:&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; &#39;Successful&#39; communication attempt means that there was no technical error trying to establish a communication with the bank. Non-technical errors (like incorrect credentials) are regarded successful communication attempts.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If an interface is not supported (see fields &#39;isAisSupported&#39;/&#39;isPisSupported&#39;), the health will always be 0. |
**last_communication_attempt** | **\DateTime** | &lt;strong&gt;Format:&lt;/strong&gt; &#39;YYYY-MM-DD&#39;T&#39;HH:MM:SS.SSSXXX&#39; (RFC 3339, section 5.6)&lt;br/&gt;Time of the last communication attempt with this interface during an import, update or connect interface (across the entire finAPI system). | [optional]
**last_successful_communication** | **\DateTime** | &lt;strong&gt;Format:&lt;/strong&gt; &#39;YYYY-MM-DD&#39;T&#39;HH:MM:SS.SSSXXX&#39; (RFC 3339, section 5.6)&lt;br/&gt;Time of the last successful communication with this interface during an import, update or connect interface (across the entire finAPI system). | [optional]
**is_ais_supported** | **bool** | Whether this interface has the general capability to perform Account Information Services (AIS), i.e. if this interface can be used to download accounts, balances and transactions. |
**is_pis_supported** | **bool** | Whether this interface has the general capability to perform Payment Initiation Services (PIS). For more details, see the field &#39;paymentCapabilities&#39;. |
**payment_capabilities** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\BankInterfacePaymentCapabilities**](BankInterfacePaymentCapabilities.md) |  |
**payment_constraints** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\BankInterfacePaymentConstraints**](BankInterfacePaymentConstraints.md) |  | [optional]
**ais_account_types** | [**AccountType[]**](AccountType.md) | The set of account types that we can confirm can be successfully imported through this interface. This field can help you select the appropriate interface if you want to fetch only specific account types when importing or updating a bank connection (see the field &lt;code&gt;accountTypes&lt;/code&gt; in the respective services).&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Note:&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; The set can change over time. When we learn that a certain account type can be received, it will be added to the set. But an account type can also disappear from the set, when it was no longer received for a while.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If an account type is not contained in the set, it could still be that the interface will provide such accounts - we just haven&#39;t seen this for a while. Accordingly, this field is only meant to hint you at the most promising interface. If none of a bank&#39;s interfaces have your desired account type listed, we still advise you to make an attempt.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; The set is not updated in real-time, but rather periodically. When you make a successful import of an account type that is not yet listed, there will be a delay until it appears.&lt;br/&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Type:&lt;/strong&gt; AccountType |

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
