# # CreateMoneyTransferParams

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**account_id** | **int** | Identifier of the account that should be used for the order. If you want to do a standalone order (finAPI Payment product, i.e. for an account that is not imported in finAPI) leave this field unset and instead use the fields &lt;code&gt;iban&lt;/code&gt; and &lt;code&gt;bankId&lt;/code&gt;. | [optional]
**iban** | **string** | IBAN of the account that should be used for the order. Use this field only if you want to do a standalone order (finAPI Payment product, i.e. for an account that is not imported in finAPI). Otherwise, use the &lt;code&gt;accountId&lt;/code&gt; field and leave this field unset. | [optional]
**bank_id** | **int** | Identifier of the bank that should be used. Use this field only if you want to do a standalone order (finAPI Payment product, i.e. for an account that is not imported in finAPI) and when the &lt;code&gt;iban&lt;/code&gt; is not sufficient to uniquely identify the bank (a bank search for the IBAN via &lt;code&gt;GET /banks?search&#x3D;[IBAN]&lt;/code&gt; returns multiple banks). If the IBAN uniquely identifies the bank, you may leave this field unset. Also, leave the field unset for non-standalone orders (using the &lt;code&gt;accountId&lt;/code&gt; field). | [optional]
**execution_date** | **\DateTime** | &lt;strong&gt;Format:&lt;/strong&gt; &#39;YYYY-MM-DD&#39;&lt;br/&gt;Execution date for the money transfer(s). May not be in the past. For instant payments, it must either be omitted, or be the current date. If not specified, most banks will use the current date as the instructed date for execution. | [optional]
**money_transfers** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\MoneyTransferOrderParams[]**](MoneyTransferOrderParams.md) | List of money transfer orders (may contain at most 15000 items). Please note that collective money transfer may not always be supported.&lt;br/&gt;Bank-specific constraints may apply to this field. Please refer to BankInterface.paymentConstraints to make sure the payment you are creating won&#39;t get rejected.&lt;br/&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Type:&lt;/strong&gt; MoneyTransferOrderParams |
**instant_payment** | **bool** | Whether the order should be submitted to the bank as an instant SEPA order. Default value is &#39;false&#39;.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;NOTE:&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; Instant payments can only be submitted if you are self-licensed (and not using the finAPI Web Form) OR via our Web Form from the endpoint &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;?product&#x3D;web_form_2.0#tag--Payment-Initiation-Services&#39; target&#x3D;&#39;_blank&#39;&gt;here&lt;/a&gt;.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; Submitting an instant payment will work only with interfaces that support it, see BankInterface.paymentCapabilities.sepaInstantMoneyTransfer&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; Instant payments work only for a single order, not for collective orders.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; The bank may charge a fee for instant payments, depending on the agreement between the user and the bank.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; The payment might get rejected if the source and/or target account doesn&#39;t support instant payments. | [optional] [default to false]
**single_booking** | **bool** | This field is only relevant when you pass multiple orders. It determines whether the orders should be processed by the bank as one collective booking (in case of &#39;false&#39;), or as single bookings (in case of &#39;true&#39;). Note that it is subject to the bank whether it will regard the field. Default value is &#39;false&#39;. | [optional] [default to false]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
