# # ImportBankConnectionParams

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**bank_id** | **int** | Bank Identifier |
**name** | **string** | Custom name for the bank connection. If you do not want to set a name, you can leave this field unset. | [optional]
**banking_interface** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\BankingInterface**](BankingInterface.md) |  |
**login_credentials** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\LoginCredential[]**](LoginCredential.md) | Set of login credentials. Must always be passed, unless the respective bank interface does not declare any login fields.&lt;br/&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Type:&lt;/strong&gt; LoginCredential | [optional]
**store_secrets** | **bool** | Whether to store the secret login fields. If the secret fields are stored, then updates can be triggered without the involvement of the users, as long as the credentials remain valid and the bank consent has not expired. Note that bank consent will be stored regardless of the field value. Default value is false. | [optional] [default to false]
**skip_balances_download** | **bool** | Whether to skip the download of balances or not. May only be set to true if &#39;skipPositionsDownload&#39; is also true. If set to true, then finAPI will download just the account list with the accounts&#39; information (like account name, number, holder, etc). Default is false.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;NOTES:&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; Setting this flag to true is only meant to be used if A) you generally never download balances and positions, because you are only interested in the account list, or B) you want to get just the list of accounts in the first step, and then delete unwanted accounts from the bank connection, before you trigger another update that downloads balances and transactions. This approach allows you to download balances only for the accounts that you want.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If you skip the download of balances during an import or update, you can still download them with a later update.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If an account was stored with a balance already, and you skip the download of its balance in a subsequent update, then the account&#39;s balance will get outdated. Be also aware that certain services (like GET /accounts/dailyBalances) may return incorrect results in such cases.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If any bank connection gets updated via finAPI&#39;s automatic batch update, then all balances (of already imported accounts) &lt;u&gt;will&lt;/u&gt; get downloaded in any case! | [optional] [default to false]
**skip_positions_download** | **bool** | Whether to skip the download of transactions and securities or not. If set to true, then finAPI will download just the account list with the accounts&#39; information (like account name, number, holder, etc), as well as the accounts&#39; balances (if possible), but skip the download of transactions and securities. Default is false.&lt;br/&gt;You may also use this flag in combination with &#39;skipBalancesDownload&#39; &#x3D; true, to additionally skip the download of balances.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;NOTES:&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; Setting this flag to true is only meant to be used if A) you generally never download positions, because you are only interested in the account list and/or balances, or B) you want to get just the list of accounts in the first step, and then delete unwanted accounts from the bank connection, before you trigger another update that downloads transactions. This approach allows you to download transactions only for the accounts that you want.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If you skip the download of transactions and securities during an import or update, you can still download them with a later update (though you might not get all positions at a later point, because the date range in which the bank servers provide this data is usually limited).&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If an account already had any positions imported before an update, and you skip the positions download in the update, then the account&#39;s updated balance might not add up to the set of transactions / security positions. Be aware that certain services (like GET /accounts/dailyBalances) may return incorrect results for accounts in such a state.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If any bank connection gets updated via finAPI&#39;s automatic batch update, then all transactions and security positions (of already imported accounts) &lt;u&gt;will&lt;/u&gt; get downloaded in any case!&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; For security accounts, skipping the downloading of the securities might result in the account&#39;s balance also not being downloaded.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; For the WEB_SCRAPER interface, it&#39;s technically required to download transactions for Bausparen accounts even if &#39;skipPositionsDownload&#39; is set to true, but they are not actively processed by finAPI. | [optional] [default to false]
**load_owner_data** | **bool** | Whether to load information about the bank connection owner(s) - see field &#39;owners&#39;. Default value is &#39;false&#39;.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;NOTE: This feature is supported only by the WEB_SCRAPER interface. | [optional] [default to false]
**max_days_for_download** | **int** | This setting defines how much of an account&#39;s transactions history will get downloaded whenever a new account is imported. More technically, it depicts the number of days to download transactions for, starting from - and including - the date of the account import. For example, on an account import that happens today, the value 30 would instruct finAPI to download transactions from the past 30 days (including today). The minimum allowed value is 14, the maximum value is 3650. Also possible is the value 0 (which is the default value), in which case there will be no limit to the transactions download and finAPI will try to get all transactions that it can. &lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;NOTES:&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; There is no guarantee that finAPI will actually download transactions for the entire defined date range, as there may be limitations to the download range (set by the bank or by finAPI, e.g. see ClientConfiguration.transactionImportLimitation). &lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; This parameter only applies to transactions, not to security positions; For security accounts, finAPI will always download all security positions that it can. &lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; This setting is stored for each interface individually.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; After an interface has been connected with this setting, there is no way to change the setting for that interface afterwards.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; &lt;b&gt;If you do not limit the download range to a value less than 90 days, the bank is more likely to trigger a strong customer authentication request for the user when finAPI is attempting to download the transactions.&lt;/b&gt; | [optional] [default to 0]
**account_types** | [**AccountType[]**](AccountType.md) | If specified, then finAPI will import only those accounts whose type is one of the given types. Note that when the bank connection does not contain any accounts of the given types, the operation will fail with error code NO_ACCOUNTS_FOR_TYPE_LIST. If you leave this field unset, then all accounts will be imported.&lt;br/&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Type:&lt;/strong&gt; AccountType | [optional]
**account_references** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\AccountReference[]**](AccountReference.md) | List of accounts for which access is requested from the bank. It must only be passed if the bank interface has the DETAILED_CONSENT property set.&lt;br/&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Type:&lt;/strong&gt; AccountReference | [optional]
**multi_step_authentication** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\ConnectInterfaceParamsMultiStepAuthentication**](ConnectInterfaceParamsMultiStepAuthentication.md) |  | [optional]
**redirect_url** | **string** | Must only be passed when the used interface has the property REDIRECT_APPROACH. The user will be redirected to the given URL from the bank&#39;s website after completing the bank login and (possibly) the SCA. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
