# # MoneyTransferOrderParams

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**counterpart_name** | **string** | Name of the counterpart. Has to be provided for the SEPA EUR transfers (see BankInterface.paymentConstraints.sepaMoneyTransfer.mandatoryFields.counterpartName). Note: Neither finAPI nor the involved bank servers are guaranteed to validate the counterpart name. Even if the name does not depict the actual registered account holder of the target account, the order might still be successful.&lt;br/&gt;Please refer to the &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://documentation.finapi.io/payments/payment-data-validation&#39; target&#x3D;&#39;_blank&#39;&gt; Payment Data Validation documentation &lt;/a&gt; for more details. | [optional]
**counterpart_iban** | **string** | IBAN of the counterpart&#39;s account. |
**counterpart_bic** | **string** | BIC of the counterpart&#39;s account. This field is required for SEPA payments (i.e. payments in EUR currency), when there is no &#39;IBAN_ONLY&#39;-capability in the respective account/interface combination that is to be used when submitting the payment.&lt;br/&gt;Bank-specific constraints may apply to this field. Please refer to BankInterface.paymentConstraints to make sure the payment you are creating won&#39;t get rejected. | [optional]
**counterpart_bank_name** | **string** | Name of the counterpart&#39;s bank. Only required for banks that have BankInterface.paymentConstraints.sepaMoneyTransfer.mandatoryFields.counterpartBankName constraint. &lt;br/&gt;Note: Neither finAPI nor the involved bank servers are guaranteed to validate the counterpart bank name. | [optional]
**amount** | **float** | The amount of the payment. Must be a positive decimal number with at most two decimal places.&lt;br/&gt;Please refer to the &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://documentation.finapi.io/payments/payment-data-validation&#39; target&#x3D;&#39;_blank&#39;&gt; Payment Data Validation documentation &lt;/a&gt; for more details. |
**currency** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\Currency**](Currency.md) |  | [optional]
**purpose** | **string** | The purpose of the transfer transaction.&lt;br/&gt;Please refer to the &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://documentation.finapi.io/payments/payment-data-validation&#39; target&#x3D;&#39;_blank&#39;&gt; Payment Data Validation documentation &lt;/a&gt; for more details.&lt;br/&gt;Bank-specific constraints may apply to this field. Please refer to BankInterface.paymentConstraints to make sure the payment you are creating won&#39;t get rejected. | [optional]
**sepa_purpose_code** | **string** | SEPA purpose code, according to ISO 20022, external codes set.&lt;br/&gt;Please note that the SEPA purpose code may be ignored by some banks and will be discarded for the non-SEPA payments. | [optional]
**counterpart_address** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\MoneyTransferOrderParamsCounterpartAddress**](MoneyTransferOrderParamsCounterpartAddress.md) |  | [optional]
**end_to_end_id** | **string** | End-To-End ID for the transfer transaction.&lt;br/&gt;Only applicable for the SEPA EUR transfers and will be discarded for other transfers.&lt;br/&gt;Please refer to the &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://documentation.finapi.io/payments/payment-data-validation&#39; target&#x3D;&#39;_blank&#39;&gt; Payment Data Validation documentation &lt;/a&gt; for more details.&lt;br/&gt;Bank-specific constraints may apply to this field. Please refer to BankInterface.paymentConstraints to make sure the payment you are creating won&#39;t get rejected. | [optional]
**structured_remittance_information** | **string[]** | Structure Remittance Information.&lt;br/&gt;This attribute is used to submit structured remittance information for the domestic payments.&lt;br/&gt;Please refer to the &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://documentation.finapi.io/payments/Czech-Republic-Domestic-Transfers.3045916711.html&#39; target&#x3D;&#39;_blank&#39;&gt;documentation&lt;/a&gt; for more details. |

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
