# # UpdateBankConnectionParams

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**bank_connection_id** | **int** | Bank connection identifier |
**banking_interface** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\BankingInterface**](BankingInterface.md) |  |
**login_credentials** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\LoginCredential[]**](LoginCredential.md) | Set of login credentials. The labels that you pass must match with the login credential labels that the respective interface defines. finAPI will combine the given credentials with any credentials that it has stored. You can leave this field unset in case finAPI has stored all required credentials.&lt;br/&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Type:&lt;/strong&gt; LoginCredential | [optional]
**store_secrets** | **bool** | Whether to store the secret login fields. If the secret fields are stored, then updates can be triggered without the involvement of the users, as long as the credentials remain valid and the bank consent has not expired. Note that bank consent will be stored regardless of the field value. Default value is false. | [optional] [default to false]
**import_new_accounts** | **bool** | Whether to import accounts that weren’t imported previously. Default is false.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;NOTES: &lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; For best performance, you should not enable this flag unless you really expect new accounts to be available in the connection. It is recommended to let your users tell you through your application when they want the service to look for new accounts.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If you have imported an interface using a limited set of &#39;accountTypes&#39;, you would import all other accounts when setting this flag to true. To avoid importing account types that you are not interested in, make sure to keep this flag unset (or set to false).&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If there is an existing consent and it doesn’t support the import of new accounts (see &#39;BankConnectionInterface.aisConsent.supportsImportNewAccounts&#39;), then an update attempt with &#39;importNewAccounts&#x3D;true&#39; will return an error. | [optional] [default to false]
**skip_balances_download** | **bool** | Whether to skip the download of balances or not. May only be set to true if &#39;skipPositionsDownload&#39; is also true. If set to true, then finAPI will download just the account list with the accounts&#39; information (like account name, number, holder, etc). Default is false.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;NOTES:&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; Setting this flag to true is only meant to be used if A) you generally never download balances and positions, because you are only interested in the account list, or B) you want to get just the list of accounts in the first step, and then delete unwanted accounts from the bank connection, before you trigger another update that downloads balances and transactions. This approach allows you to download balances only for the accounts that you want.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If you skip the download of balances during an import or update, you can still download them with a later update.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If an account was stored with a balance already, and you skip the download of its balance in a subsequent update, then the account&#39;s balance will get outdated. Be also aware that certain services (like GET /accounts/dailyBalances) may return incorrect results in such cases.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If any bank connection gets updated via finAPI&#39;s automatic batch update, then all balances (of already imported accounts) &lt;u&gt;will&lt;/u&gt; get downloaded in any case! | [optional] [default to false]
**skip_positions_download** | **bool** | Whether to skip the download of transactions and securities or not. If set to true, then finAPI will download just the account list with the accounts&#39; information (like account name, number, holder, etc), as well as the accounts&#39; balances (if possible), but skip the download of transactions and securities. Default is false.&lt;br/&gt;You may also use this flag in combination with &#39;skipBalancesDownload&#39; &#x3D; true, to additionally skip the download of balances.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;NOTES:&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; Setting this flag to true is only meant to be used if A) you generally never download positions, because you are only interested in the account list and/or balances, or B) you want to get just the list of accounts in the first step, and then delete unwanted accounts from the bank connection, before you trigger another update that downloads transactions. This approach allows you to download transactions only for the accounts that you want.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If you skip the download of transactions and securities during an import or update, you can still download them with a later update (though you might not get all positions at a later point, because the date range in which the bank servers provide this data is usually limited).&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If an account already had any positions imported before an update, and you skip the positions download in the update, then the account&#39;s updated balance might not add up to the set of transactions / security positions. Be aware that certain services (like GET /accounts/dailyBalances) may return incorrect results for accounts in such a state.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; If any bank connection gets updated via finAPI&#39;s automatic batch update, then all transactions and security positions (of already imported accounts) &lt;u&gt;will&lt;/u&gt; get downloaded in any case!&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; For security accounts, skipping the downloading of the securities might result in the account&#39;s balance also not being downloaded.&lt;br/&gt;&amp;bull; For the WEB_SCRAPER interface, it&#39;s technically required to download transactions for Bausparen accounts even if &#39;skipPositionsDownload&#39; is set to true, but they are not actively processed by finAPI. | [optional] [default to false]
**load_owner_data** | **bool** | Whether to load/refresh information about the bank connection owner(s) - see field &#39;owners&#39;. Default value is &#39;false&#39;. Note that owner data is NOT loaded/refreshed during finAPI&#39;s automatic bank connection update. | [optional] [default to false]
**account_types** | [**AccountType[]**](AccountType.md) | This field is only regarded when the field &#39;importNewAccounts&#39; is set to true, and affects only new accounts that are not yet imported. If the field is specified, then a new account will be imported only when its determined type is one of the given types. If you leave this field unset, then all new accounts will be imported, regardless of their type.&lt;br/&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Type:&lt;/strong&gt; AccountType | [optional]
**account_references** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\AccountReference[]**](AccountReference.md) | List of accounts for which access is requested from the bank. It may only be passed if the bank interface has the DETAILED_CONSENT property set. if omitted, finAPI will use the list of existing accounts. Note that the parameter is still required if you want to import new accounts (i.e. call with importNewAccounts&#x3D;true).&lt;br/&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Type:&lt;/strong&gt; AccountReference | [optional]
**redirect_url** | **string** | Must only be passed when the used interface has the property REDIRECT_APPROACH. The user will be redirected to the given URL from the bank&#39;s website after completing the bank login and (possibly) the SCA. | [optional]
**multi_step_authentication** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\ConnectInterfaceParamsMultiStepAuthentication**](ConnectInterfaceParamsMultiStepAuthentication.md) |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
